why was vegan gains his channel deleted
it ain't no mystery very simply put
vegan gains within the last two weeks
left comments on this channel that would
be categorized by YouTube as bullying
and harassment if you've been a fan of
him for any length of time you have
probably seen hundreds of comments he
left on other people's channels comments
he left in reply to people on his own
channel that would qualify by YouTube's
own definition as bullying and
harassment okay I'm not saying that
should be the law I think a really
positive contrast is between the system
of censorship we have here on YouTube
where the rules are vague and up fusca
tori and are not enforced in an
even-handed way across the board and the
type of rules they actually have on
patreon
I think patreon is a much more positive
example of how basically corporate
censorship can work on the Internet and
according to them patreon about 10% of
their staff are working in censorship so
the problem we have here on YouTube is
content by amateurs censorship by
professionals a very large part of what
vegan aids did on camera and in writing
here on YouTube just even if you look at
the definition of bullying and
harassment that YouTube uses it would
qualify as bullying and harassment and
would get his channel deleted okay I did
not flag any of his comments made on
this channel I did not complain to
YouTube about bullying harassment I
don't play that and you know different
people play the game by different rules
there are definitely some people who are
really delicate oh you know what I'll
put it up on my Twitter and I'll give
you guys the link below this video I
made a comment about a week ago on
another person's channel and you know it
was a little bit snide it was a little
bit insulting I said hey
you know what the two people who you see
on camera here do you really think
either one of them has read a book in
the last 12 months do you think either
one of them even reads like a newspaper
or magazine because like we're all here
supposedly respecting these people's
opinions but like when you really think
about it and what I wrote that comment I
knew uhm this is before vegan gains this
channel I know the rules about which the
game is played here I knew hey I'm
actually risking my channel if someone
really takes this as bullying and
harassment we've got a problem and you
guys can click and see that comment by
my standards it's pretty mild I wouldn't
think of it as bullying and harassment
right those are the rules by which the
game is played on YouTube and if you are
breaking those rules if you are pushing
your luck YouTube will then find a
pretext to terminate your channel right
and here's the thing I explained this in
greater length in my more philosophical
video recorded a couple hours ago the
only shield you have the only defense
the only pretext is that you're
insulting people as a form of political
critique and political commentary
because in the United States of America
the ultimate purpose of freedom of
speech the reason why we have safeguards
of freedom of speech is for political
dissent right for criticism and
commentary within politics
and most of the videos on this channel
my own channel that are really kind of
mean and vicious it actually is for
clear political reasons we're talking
about politics time or questions of
political leadership in the vegan
movement okay you know if you've come on
YouTube to make money
you're here for the wrong reasons if
you've come on YouTube to make the world
a better place of God good news for you
it's an unbelievably wonderful tool
that no other social or political
movement ever had at its disposal before